New serverless pattern - cloudtrail-eventbridge-lambda-dynamodb-sam (#2159)
aws-samples/serverless-patterns: cloudtrail-eventbridge-lambda-dynamodb-sam/README.md

> # Automated Route Advertisement Removal

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Automated BYOIP Route Advertisement Removal with EventBridge and Lambda
```

Important: this application uses various AWS services and there are costs associated with these services after the Free Tier usage - please see the [AWS Pricing page](https://aws.amazon.com/pricing/) for details. You are responsible for any AWS costs incurred. No warranty is implied in this example.

## Requirements

* [Create an AWS account](https://portal.aws.amazon.com/gp/aws/developer/registration/index.html) if you do not already have one and log in. The IAM user that you use must have sufficient permissions to make necessary AWS service calls and manage AWS resources.
* [AWS CLI](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/install-cliv2.html) installed and configured
* [Git Installed](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Getting-Started-Installing-Git)
* [AWS Serverless Application Model](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/serverless-application-model/latest/developerguide/serverless-sam-cli-install.html) (AWS SAM) installed

## Deployment Instructions

1. Create a new directory, navigate to that directory in a terminal and clone the GitHub repository:
    ``` 

>     git clone https://gitlab.aws.dev/jrdwyer/automated-route-advertisement-removal.git

Reviewer: Remove internal links

    ```
1. Change directory to the pattern directory:
    ```

>     cd automated-route-advertisement-removal

Reviewer: Update folder name

    AWS Region [us-east-1]:
    Parameter NotificationEmail []: jrdwyer@amazon.com
    #Shows you resources changes to be deployed and require a 'Y' to initiate deploy
    Confirm changes before deploy [y/N]: 
    #SAM needs permission to be able to create roles to connect to the resources in your template
    Allow SAM CLI IAM role creation [Y/n]: 
    #Preserves the state of previously provisioned resources when an operation fails
    Disable rollback [y/N]: 
    Save arguments to configuration file [Y/n]: 
    SAM configuration file [samconfig.toml]:
    SAM configuration environment [default]:
    ```

1. Note the outputs from the SAM deployment process. These contain the resource names and/or ARNs which are used for testing.

1. The list of IP ranges that are allowed to be advertised will need to be configured by the user by creating an item in the DynamoDB table created by the template.  The item should be entered in the following format:
```
{
  "id": {
    "S": "Allowed_CIDRs"
  },
  "CIDRs": {
    "L": [
      {
        "S": "CIDR1"
      },
      {
        "S": "CIDR2"
      },
      {
        "S": "CIDR3"
      },
      ...
    ]
  }
}
```

## How it works

> Event bridge will trigger a rule any time the `AdvertiseByoipCidr` API call is logged via CloudTrail.  The lambda will look at DynamoDB to determine if the BYOIP range is permitted to be publicly advertised and withdraw the advertisement if it is not permitted. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
EventBridge will trigger a rule any time the `AdvertiseByoipCidr` API call is logged via CloudTrail.  The Lambda function will check items in a DynamoDB table to determine if the BYOIP range is permitted to be publicly advertised and withdraw the advertisement if it is not permitted. 
```

> ## Testing

Reviewer: Please include commands and inputs that the user can run to validate that it works along with the expected output

> In IPAM, enable advertisement of a BYOIP space that is not permitted to be advertised via the list of allowed IP ranges in DynamoDB.  If working as expected, the advertisement should be withdrawn within a few seconds after the CIDR has been advertised.

Reviewer: Spell out any abbreviations the first time they are used (and include a link to the docs)
